need to 

inre: styling not working - esp wrong height collapsible inner - see original html inline styling: eg style="height: 60vh;"
there'll be a different way to do that in angular, fixing which will probably address the problem

need to modularise the carousel code

ADD TO DOCS

The div with the id reference should be included *inside* the unique component. I massively overthought this. It doesn't need
to generate a dynamic unique id - all of the content is *already* unique. Just run as is.

(slightly clunky solution but I think it's fine. add references to the style.css files for each bit of unique collapsible content
in the styleUrls array of the bonus-material-container)




inre importing js files to angular: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-include-a-javascript-file-in-angular-and-call-a-function-from-that-script/

sort navbar - connect collapser 
sort navbar - full width of screen
sort navbar - disappears on scroll down
import privacy statement
connect privacy statement collapse logic
ensure that window scrolls to top of collapsible section
connect favicon and change title
optimise seo 
host on netlify?

import code from static project for unique bonus material collapsibles



import the different unique components as per below

to render different components in each of the bonus material sections, I think you need to make use of
Using NgComponentOutlet
https://angular.dev/guide/components/programmatic-rendering
it works! like so: <ng-container *ngComponentOutlet="getBioComponent(bigProject.id)" /> 
so you store a string which will be the argument passed to the function and then in the class definition, you create
the function (switch?) that loads the corresponding function =)

Need to import all the animations and configure them. The BonusMaterials each need to use their id values to create 
unique but matching ids across the different collapsible codes

Need individual functions for the contents of each bonus material, which can be activated in ng-containers (as above)



create a new portfolio repo
create an agile todo list in github repo

modify bigProject service to provide aria-labels and titles for existing elements and create additional aria-labels / titles
for other elements, esp button linking to external website of project

links shouldn't be buttons, links should be links

various animation things need fixing, specifically the light box and mobile / tablet menu toggler, also, disappearing upper
nav bar, which may or may not link with the fact that when you navigate to a section, its title scrolls up behind the
navbar

update css across project - compartmentalise the css by component, big-project, navbar, about-me, etc.

ensure that all of the class names and IDs (css) are represented in the elements - could include root index.html file etc.

update the github / linkedin etc. icons all to come from the bootstrap system instead of the other one, although note that the 
star comes from the other service, so you might need both
install and configure the service that enables the FB, insta, github etc icons
bootstrap can do stars: https://icons.getbootstrap.com/icons/star/



